I have already persuaded
Just don't regret it.
Enough. Quit smoking
I know you can't see the Wang family well
I also know that you have plans
I just want to ask my Wang family to kill you
But sorry.
No matter how much you raise the price
I hit the same
These three good projects
I'll follow.
Ladies and gentlemen, let's start bidding for project 3
Starting price ratio
600 million if Miss Wang wants it
Then I will wait for the beauty of adulthood
Please also bother Miss Wang to say a few more kind words to Jiang Shao
I am willing to intervene for the Wang family
Congratulations to the Wang family for successfully clapping with 6G
You are also a piece of trash
You can see the height of the eyebrows
Where to put it?
I have more than I can do.
Just don't say 500 million
I look at him
You can't take out the deposit of 500, right?
I really didn't expect it.
How are you doing this now?
You can't even take out this money?
Look at your poverty
Just like you
I still want to enter the door of the Liu family
Ladies and gentlemen, Jiannian has started the new No. 2 project
The starting price is 1 billion
1.50 billion